Yep.
So let's call this Alice.
Yes, I've already written.
I want to read it in the over here.
And might be.
I might have made some mistake.
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
But let's let's segue by a feeling of deep, deep values.
But initially, let's take.
And which is 12.
And let's dig in, Eddie.
And let's be.
It's already on there.
If it is dpn initially what we'll do is we'll fill AP with zero.
Okay, so let me flip it.
I'm.
I just filled up with zero.
And now what I'll do is let's take the area as an input.
Yeah.
Now let's move over for all the indexes.
What I'll do is I'll move all the indexes.
I'll go for all this data and try to find out the alias instead of the P.
Let's call it really cool.
It sounds good.
What else is?
For particular, I let me quickly commented.
Be.
I will tell me.
Um, L.A. is.
EPA tells me the.
If it ends on I it index it both.
For a particular I look, let's just think about this in this way.
Let's m standing somewhere in the middle of the 88.
What I have to do is I have to start from the zero, the index and all the I'm minus one index check
which values are smaller than the current value for whatever.
But for all those values which have the values smaller than the current value, I will simply pick up
their deep values, the best ending they can provide me.
I just simply take the maxim of all their best earnings and didn't answer.
For example, let me write it.
That would be better.
So yeah, there it goes.
Evolution that could be there by looking at this example it is simply a deep of some particular a is
equal to maximum of G.
Eight.
There is less than I, of course, because counting the rate though all those GS, it means I just have
to look at the previous indexes.
Eight days less than I.
Under that condition.
What can the second condition?
E of g.
It's less than equal to Alpha.
That means, of course, the indexes should be back, but their value should also be smaller than the
current value.
That's what we were doing in it.
So let's call this.
We'll take maximum of all of them.
What I say is I simply say the DPI is maximum of.
Yippee.
Because I'm taking MAXINE for the EPA plus one plus one goes up because I'm including the current value.
And of course, I have to apply an airfare which is free of G.
Yeah.
One more condition.
It should be less.
And I think we can go.
Dylan.
Hmm.
Yeah.
So if it is less than equal to I'm thinking equal to because it depends on the problem.
If problems is defined strictly increasing sequences, that means it can't even be equal.
Then I simply remove this equal to otherwise.
Let's have this right.
So.
DPA is maximum of whatever DPA value tag plus comma, deep depression.
And I'm taking the DPD only for those whose ed lesson is and goes from zero to less than a.
I hope this is being clear.
So let's try to bring this.
Bring the values of eBay.
Literally opening day.
And let's bring in DP.
30.
I think there's something wrong.
Okay.
There's nothing wrong.
a02 in.
Okay, so a very good case that I missed.
Instead of filling all the IDPs with zero, I think I should fill them with one.
Because they say that the base case rate.
What is.
What is the meaning of base case?
Meaning.
Initially.
Okay.
Instead of this, we fill it by.
EPA goes to it.
Why does memo said one does not work?
Because ma'am said works according to the binder numbers made before.
What it will do is convert a one in binary and then fill the things.
I can also make a separate, beautiful day.
Well, here you can see what's there when I have one.
Initially, I had zero in the previous output because I did not feel the value of already -- to
be one.
But yeah.
So for seven it fell zero.
But it should be one.
I hope this would initially already be really should be when the minimum give we take about because.
The current guy can be in the.
Long as the Korean guy has to be in the longest degrading sequence that ends on the index.
Let's talk about the degrading sequence.
Let's see.
What is the value we're getting here?
I think there's something wrong.
It's building in.
Eddie.
Long time, 7.70.
They started.
So here you can see it's 11118.
These are really deep values and.
And let's also do it.
Foreign ingredients.
You got this.
And I just want you to relate to all these deep values.
What should we realize here?
So L.A. uses one minimum rate and it is equal to a maximum of all the deep values.
Because Elliot can.
And anyway, you.
So let's vote.
And I guess.
At the beginning of a course kind of.
And here we are just trying to understand how does one GDP work?
This is one dimensional here because I can see there's only one variable associated with it.
Of course there are two four loops, but it doesn't mean it's a good ADP.
The dimension of data, the dimension of the GDP value is one which is changing at for this is five.
What?
This.
Let's find out.
It has to be five again.
That's what we saw.
One, two, two, two, three, three, four, four, four, three, five, four.
Good.
I hope you got this.
What's the complexity of the solution?
It is off and into.
And because of this for a loop, this double for a loop with an and square rate.
Because they start from zero goes to I it's kind of in square only because it is one plus two plus three
plus four and so on.
Dylan Which is an unpleasant way to kind of integrate.
And then.
And.
And my husband made.
But some of us tended to.
Which indirectly becomes and square will.
So yeah, thanks everyone for watching this.
And we'll optimize these layers in the advance section, in the advanced data structure section in which
we will see how to easily find a user in and log in.
And there's another section, deep approach.
Finally, yes, it is upper bound.
Basically my research research, which also it is kind of dynamic programming plus my research and that
can also find give you this is in and log in.
We will discuss that as well.
Thank you.
And you?